if you're fan of style speed and comfort
you simply can't go wrong with Pontiac
storage GTO the go practically define
the Golden Age of Detroit and by the
time its first production run was over
it had become the best-selling muscle
car of all time not surprisingly demand
for these cornerstone classics continues
to be strong in 2013 alone we've shipped
seven awesome GTOs to seven very
satisfied owners across the globe this
stunning 1964 GTO is very likely to be
number eight the subject of a
well-documented frame-off restoration
the car was awarded concours gold by the
GTO Association of America according to
the trim tag the car rolled off the
assembly line during the second week of
March 1964 dressed in Nocturne blue that
color was later swapped for a clean coat
of white that underscores the cars
unassuming demeanor those long body
lines are all laser straight and the
panel gaps were miles ahead of anything
that left assembly plants of the early
1960s while the tripower 389 was the top
GTO engine option for 1964 this goat
takes advantage of progress with a 400
cubic inch v8 the foundation is a block
dressed in blue with the WS decal and
replicated inspection marks if the
casting number looks familiar
you've likely seen it under the hood of
a ram air three equipped Firebird the ra
3 lineage continues with a set of 48
deport heads which sit beneath chrome
valve covers on either side of a factory
intake manifold from the tag Delco
battery to the yellow return spring
every piece is here for an award-winning
presentation
open the doors to find a correct GM code
215 blue vinyl interiors it's simple yet
sporty from the bucket seats to the
push-button radio the inside is every
bit as nice as the exterior from first
glance to a closer inspection it's
obvious that time and care was taken
when restoring this interior this
awesome 1964 GTO is an award-winning
muscle car that features an ideal blend
of performance and style thanks to its
upgraded drivetrain and quality
restoration it'll be an absolute
pleasure to drive and show for years to
come
if you've been patiently waiting for the
opportunity to pick up an excellent
example of the original muscle car don't
wait call click or visit RK Motor
Charlotte calm
you